So far while we are stubbing out our method
calls using the when method or when we
are verifying the method calls on the
mockedout object we have been passing the
exact object type for example we have
been creating the other instance and
passing that in in case of primitive
types for example and we are cancelling
the order we have been passing the value
1234 the order ID instead of this
mockito gives us a matcher API
which makes our job a lot more easier
and we are stubbing out for example
if oyu scroll it down
listen to one of the cancel methods
where we, we are passing the
order ID instead of this order ID i can
simply say any control space there are
so many matcher methods that are available from
that mockito matchers class all these
are static method in our case i need
that any int because the data type we
have to pass in is integer i can simply
say any int and if I run our methods
everything still works everything is
still green
so it's a convenient way to use the
matchers and to make sure that the values
that we are passing in are of the exact
time and it's also easy for us we not
create the entire object for example in
case of order let's go back to this
place
order method the very first test we are
written by one of the place orders
method instead of creating this instance
of the object i can simply say then I'm
stubbing out the do not create i can say
any and the any method takes a classname class
instance
order not instance order.class we have to tell it
which class
it should be used for the any matcher
from my test again still works so it has stubbed
out for any order if the DAO's create
method is called with any order it will
still work
it doesn't matter so here the order that
is being passed is this but the mockitoAPI
doesn't care because we have used
the matcher and we have told it as long
as some order comes into the create
method then return a new picture there are
several
matcher method available like this
any in any long etc easy references go
to the mockito download your downloads
mockito go to the javadoc open the
index.html scroll it down all the way on
the left side calls down to the matchers
class in here click on matchers
against call it down all the way to the
bottom and you will find several useful
methods here
any-any anyboolean, any bite so play
around with these methods and if you
have any questions you can always ask me.